---
title: Remove DRM from Adobe Digital Editions.
date: 2020-10-30 10:00:00 +07:00
tags:
description: DeDRM
---

## What the heck is DRM?

Digital right management is a systematic approach to copyright protection for digital media.

## Why are you removing it?

The dilemma I was in was that one of my classes required a book from independent publisher.

The independent publisher sold a PDF version of the book for cheaper than the hard cover book.

I clutched my pearls and decided to go for the cheaper book. I saved like 15 dollars.

Other than being cheap the real problem was that I did not have adobe digital editions on my Laptop since I was running Linux. 

If you do not know, Adobe products do not run well on Linux, you can run older versions fine but I still did not want to rely on an old janky version of digital editions.

So as any reasonable person would do, I asked my partner to use her Mac to use Adobe digital editions.

I did not know that the DRM on this book limited to one device.

I can't ask my partner to borrow her laptop every time I want to read this book.

## Removing the DRM

Googling "Remove DRM from a book" is not a crime, but the publisher probably is not too happy about this.

After a couple refined searches, I luckily found a tool to remove DRM from books called DeDRM.

The tool uses Python2 and relies on Adobe digital editions 2.0.

So you have to install some old software, mainly python2 and some python2 packages.

Using the adobe digital editions file (.ACSM),the file that adobe digital editions can open as the pdf, then run a python file on the .ascm file to generate the adobe keys. These adobe keys are nessecary to help decrypt the file.

By this poor explanation, you can see that I am not an expert but I think this should be an option you should and can consider.

[dedrm](https://github.com/apprenticeharper/DeDRM_tools)